README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET)

# Document Viewer .NET API

GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET is a powerful [Document Viewer API](https://products.groupdocs.com/viewer/net) which [supports over 170 file formats](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/supported-document-formats/) to view documents in HTML5, Image or PDF modes with fast and high quality rendering. The Viewer Library allows to customize the rendering strategy by processing document page-by-page, entire document at once or a custom pages range. Developers may also customize document appearance via additional rendering options by adding watermarks, rotation and reordering pages, extracting document text with coordinates and much more.

<p align="center">
  <a title="Download complete GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET source code" href="https://github.com/groupdocsviewer/GroupDocs_Viewer_NET/archive/master.zip">
	<img src="https://raw.github.com/AsposeExamples/java-examples-dashboard/master/images/downloadZip-Button-Large.png" />
  </a>
</p>

Directory | Description
--------- | -----------
[Docs](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Docs)  | Product documentation containing the Developer's Guide, Release Notes and more.
[Examples](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Examples)  | C# examples and sample files that will help you learn how to use product features. 
[Showcases](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Showcases)  | The open source UI that can help integrate GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET API in front end applications. 
[Plugins](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Plugins)  | Contains Visual Studio plugins related to GroupDocs.Viewer.

## Render & Display Documents via .NET

- View documents by rendering in HTML, image or PDF format.
- Reuse common resources across several HTML pages.
- Make each HTML page self=sufficient by rendering it with embedded resources.
- Render files in the lossless PNG file format or lossy JPG compressed image format.
- Apply page rotation or change page order when rendering a document to HTML or image formats.
- Apply the specified text as watermark to all pages while being rendered into HTML or image.
- Boost document loading speed to optimize application performance via caching.
- Perform document text extract for PNG and JPG formats.
- Fetch basic information about source documents.
- Extract information about PDF document printing restrictions.
- Fetch start and end dates of a project from MS Project file.
- Minify HTML & CSS to improve the rendering process.
- [Apply watermark](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/add-text-watermark/) on the output pages of HTML, image or PDF files.
- Render documents with comments, notes, and custom fonts.
- Replace missing fonts while rendering.

## Supported document Formats

| Family                      | Formats                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------- |:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Archive formats             | `ZIP`, `TAR`, `BZ2`, `RAR`, `GZIP`                                                                                                 |
| Apple formats               | `Numbers` 																														   |
| PDF formats                 | `PDF`, `XPS`, `OXPS`, `TEX`                                                                                                        |
| CAD formats                 | `DXF`, `DWG` , `DWT`, `STL`, `IFC`,`DWF` , `DWFX`, `DGN`, `PLT`,`CF2`,`OBJ`, `HPG`, `IGS`                                          |
| Microsoft Word              | `DOC`, `DOCM` , `DOCX`, `DOT`, `DOTM`, `DOTX`,`RTF`                                                                                      |
| Microsoft Excel             | `XLS`, `XLSB`, `XLSM`, `XLSX`, `XLT`, `XLTM`, `XLTX`,`Excel 2003 XML`,`XLAM`                                                       |
| Microsoft PowerPoint        | `PPT`, `POT`, `POTM`, `POTX`, `PPS`, `PPSM`, `PPSX`, `PPTM`, `PPTX`                                                                |
| Microsoft Visio             | `VSD`,`VSDX`,`VSDM`,`VDW`, `VDX`, `VSDX`, `VSS`,`VSSX`,`VSSM`,`VST`,`VSTX`, `VSX`, `VTX`,`VSTM`                                    |
| Microsoft Project           | `MPP`, `MPT`,`MPX`                                                                                                                 |
| Help files                  | `CHM`                                                                                                                              | 
| Email formats               | `EML`, `EMLX`, `MSG`, `NSF`, `MBOX`, `PST`,`OST`, `VCF`                                                                                   |
| OpenDocument Formats        | `ODT`, `ODP`,`FODP`, `ODS`,`FODS`, `OTT`,`OTS`,`ODG`,`FODG`,`OTG`,`OTP`,`SXC`                                                      |
| Plain Text File             | `TXT`,`TSV`                                                                                                                       |
| Comma-Separated Values      | `CSV`                                                                                                                              |
| HyperText Markup Language   | `HTML`, `MHT`, `MHTML`, `SVG`,`SVGZ`                                                                                               |
| Extensible Markup Language  | `XML`,`XML`, `XPS`                                                                                                                 |
| AutoCAD Drawing File Format | `DGN`, `DWG`, `DXF`                                                                                                                |
| Image files                 | `BMP`, `CAL`, `DCX`,`CGM`,`PCL`,`PSB`, `DIB`, `EMF`,`EMZ`,`WEBP`,`DNG`,`CDR`,`CMX`, `GIF`, <br/> `JP2`,                                    `JPG`,`JPF`,`JPM`,`J2C`,`J2K`,`JPC`,`JPX`,`MIL`, `MIL`, `PCD`, `PCT`, `PCX`, `PNG`, <br/>`Animated PNG`, `PSD`,`PS`, `RAS`, `TGA`,`TIFF`,`WMF`,`WMZ`,`EPS`, `AI`  |
| Electronic publication      | `EPUB`,`MOBI`,`DJVU`                                                                                                                       |
| Windows Icon                | `ICO`                                                                                                                              |
| Medical image files         | `DCM` |
| Programming Language Formats | `AS`, `AS3`, `ASM`, `BAT`, `C`, `CC`, `CMAKE`, `CPP`, `CS`,`VB`, `CSS`, `CXX`, `DIFF`, `ERB`, <br/> `GROOVY`, `H`,`HAML`, `HH`, `JAVA`, `JS`, `JSON`, `LESS`, `LOG`, `M`, `MAKE`, `MD`, `ML`, <br/> `MM`, `PHP`, `PL`, `PROPERTIES`, `PY`, `RB`, `RST`, `SASS`, `SCALA`, `SCM`, `SCRIPT`, <br/> `SH`, `SML`, `SQL`, `VIM`, `YAML`|  

## Develop & Deploy GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET Anywhere

**Microsoft Windows:** Microsoft Windows Desktop & Server (x86, x64), Windows Azure\
**macOS:** Mac OS X\
**Linux:** Ubuntu, OpenSUSE, CentOS, and others\
**Development Environments:** Microsoft Visual Studio, Xamarin.Android, Xamarin.IOS, Xamarin.Mac, MonoDevelop\
**Supported Frameworks:** .NET Framework 2.0 or higher, .NET Standard 2.0, .NET Core 3.1 and higher

## Get Started with GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET

Are you ready to give GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET a try? Simply execute `Install-Package GroupDocs.Viewer` from Package Manager Console in Visual Studio to fetch & reference GroupDocs.Viewer assembly in your project. If you already have GroupDocs.Viewer for .Net and want to upgrade it, please execute `Update-Package GroupDocs.Viewer` to get the latest version.

## How to render DOCX to HTML

```csharp
using (Viewer viewer = new Viewer("sample.docx"))
{
    HtmlViewOptions options = HtmlViewOptions.ForEmbeddedResources();
    viewer.View(options);
}
```

## Add watermark to the output HTML

```csharp
using (Viewer viewer = new Viewer("sample.docx"))
{
    HtmlViewOptions options = HtmlViewOptions.ForEmbeddedResources();
    options.Watermark = new Watermark("This is a watermark");
    viewer.View(options);
}
```

[Home](https://www.groupdocs.com/) | [Product Page](https://products.groupdocs.com/viewer/net) | [Documentation](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/) | [Demo](https://products.groupdocs.app/viewer/family) | [API Reference](https://apireference.groupdocs.com/net/viewer) | [Examples](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET) | [Blog](https://blog.groupdocs.com/category/viewer/) | [Free Support](https://forum.groupdocs.com/c/viewer) | [Temporary License](https://purchase.groupdocs.com/temporary-license)

Commit message:

Moved documentation to the Docs repository.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET)

# Document Viewer .NET API

GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET is a powerful [Document Viewer API](https://products.groupdocs.com/viewer/net) which [supports over 170 file formats](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/supported-document-formats/) to view documents in HTML5, Image or PDF modes with fast and high quality rendering. The Viewer Library allows to customize the rendering strategy by processing document page-by-page, entire document at once or a custom pages range. Developers may also customize document appearance via additional rendering options by adding watermarks, rotation and reordering pages, extracting document text with coordinates and much more.

<p align="center">
  <a title="Download complete GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET source code" href="https://github.com/groupdocsviewer/GroupDocs_Viewer_NET/archive/master.zip">
	<img src="https://raw.github.com/AsposeExamples/java-examples-dashboard/master/images/downloadZip-Button-Large.png" />
  </a>
</p>

Directory | Description
--------- | -----------
[Demos](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Demos)  | Contains demo projects that demonstrate product features.
[Examples](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Examples)  | C# examples and sample files that will help you learn how to use product features.
[Showcases](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Showcases)  | The open source UI that can help integrate GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET API in front end applications.
[Plugins](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/tree/master/Plugins)  | Contains Visual Studio plugins related to GroupDocs.Viewer.

## Render & Display Documents via .NET

- View documents by rendering in HTML, image or PDF format.
- Reuse common resources across several HTML pages.
- Make each HTML page self=sufficient by rendering it with embedded resources.
- Render files in the lossless PNG file format or lossy JPG compressed image format.
- Apply page rotation or change page order when rendering a document to HTML or image formats.
- Apply the specified text as watermark to all pages while being rendered into HTML or image.
- Boost document loading speed to optimize application performance via caching.
- Perform document text extract for PNG and JPG formats.
- Fetch basic information about source documents.
- Extract information about PDF document printing restrictions.
- Fetch start and end dates of a project from MS Project file.
- Minify HTML & CSS to improve the rendering process.
- [Apply watermark](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/add-text-watermark/) on the output pages of HTML, image or PDF files.
- Render documents with comments, notes, and custom fonts.
- Replace missing fonts while rendering.

## Supported document Formats

| Family                      | Formats                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------- |:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Archive formats             | `ZIP`, `TAR`, `BZ2`, `RAR`, `GZIP`                                                                                                 |
| Apple formats               | `Numbers` 																														   |
| PDF formats                 | `PDF`, `XPS`, `OXPS`, `TEX`                                                                                                        |
| CAD formats                 | `DXF`, `DWG` , `DWT`, `STL`, `IFC`,`DWF` , `DWFX`, `DGN`, `PLT`,`CF2`,`OBJ`, `HPG`, `IGS`                                          |
| Microsoft Word              | `DOC`, `DOCM` , `DOCX`, `DOT`, `DOTM`, `DOTX`,`RTF`                                                                                      |
| Microsoft Excel             | `XLS`, `XLSB`, `XLSM`, `XLSX`, `XLT`, `XLTM`, `XLTX`,`Excel 2003 XML`,`XLAM`                                                       |
| Microsoft PowerPoint        | `PPT`, `POT`, `POTM`, `POTX`, `PPS`, `PPSM`, `PPSX`, `PPTM`, `PPTX`                                                                |
| Microsoft Visio             | `VSD`,`VSDX`,`VSDM`,`VDW`, `VDX`, `VSDX`, `VSS`,`VSSX`,`VSSM`,`VST`,`VSTX`, `VSX`, `VTX`,`VSTM`                                    |
| Microsoft Project           | `MPP`, `MPT`,`MPX`                                                                                                                 |
| Help files                  | `CHM`                                                                                                                              | 
| Email formats               | `EML`, `EMLX`, `MSG`, `NSF`, `MBOX`, `PST`,`OST`, `VCF`                                                                                   |
| OpenDocument Formats        | `ODT`, `ODP`,`FODP`, `ODS`,`FODS`, `OTT`,`OTS`,`ODG`,`FODG`,`OTG`,`OTP`,`SXC`                                                      |
| Plain Text File             | `TXT`,`TSV`                                                                                                                       |
| Comma-Separated Values      | `CSV`                                                                                                                              |
| HyperText Markup Language   | `HTML`, `MHT`, `MHTML`, `SVG`,`SVGZ`                                                                                               |
| Extensible Markup Language  | `XML`,`XML`, `XPS`                                                                                                                 |
| AutoCAD Drawing File Format | `DGN`, `DWG`, `DXF`                                                                                                                |
| Image files                 | `BMP`, `CAL`, `DCX`,`CGM`,`PCL`,`PSB`, `DIB`, `EMF`,`EMZ`,`WEBP`,`DNG`,`CDR`,`CMX`, `GIF`, <br/> `JP2`,                                    `JPG`,`JPF`,`JPM`,`J2C`,`J2K`,`JPC`,`JPX`,`MIL`, `MIL`, `PCD`, `PCT`, `PCX`, `PNG`, <br/>`Animated PNG`, `PSD`,`PS`, `RAS`, `TGA`,`TIFF`,`WMF`,`WMZ`,`EPS`, `AI`  |
| Electronic publication      | `EPUB`,`MOBI`,`DJVU`                                                                                                                       |
| Windows Icon                | `ICO`                                                                                                                              |
| Medical image files         | `DCM` |
| Programming Language Formats | `AS`, `AS3`, `ASM`, `BAT`, `C`, `CC`, `CMAKE`, `CPP`, `CS`,`VB`, `CSS`, `CXX`, `DIFF`, `ERB`, <br/> `GROOVY`, `H`,`HAML`, `HH`, `JAVA`, `JS`, `JSON`, `LESS`, `LOG`, `M`, `MAKE`, `MD`, `ML`, <br/> `MM`, `PHP`, `PL`, `PROPERTIES`, `PY`, `RB`, `RST`, `SASS`, `SCALA`, `SCM`, `SCRIPT`, <br/> `SH`, `SML`, `SQL`, `VIM`, `YAML`|  

## Develop & Deploy GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET Anywhere

**Microsoft Windows:** Microsoft Windows Desktop & Server (x86, x64), Windows Azure\
**macOS:** Mac OS X\
**Linux:** Ubuntu, OpenSUSE, CentOS, and others\
**Development Environments:** Microsoft Visual Studio, Xamarin.Android, Xamarin.IOS, Xamarin.Mac, MonoDevelop\
**Supported Frameworks:** .NET Framework 2.0 or higher, .NET Standard 2.0, .NET Core 3.1 and higher

## Get Started with GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET

Are you ready to give GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET a try? Simply execute `Install-Package GroupDocs.Viewer` from Package Manager Console in Visual Studio to fetch & reference GroupDocs.Viewer assembly in your project. If you already have GroupDocs.Viewer for .Net and want to upgrade it, please execute `Update-Package GroupDocs.Viewer` to get the latest version.

## How to render DOCX to HTML

```csharp
using (Viewer viewer = new Viewer("sample.docx"))
{
    HtmlViewOptions options = HtmlViewOptions.ForEmbeddedResources();
    viewer.View(options);
}
```

## Add watermark to the output HTML

```csharp
using (Viewer viewer = new Viewer("sample.docx"))
{
    HtmlViewOptions options = HtmlViewOptions.ForEmbeddedResources();
    options.Watermark = new Watermark("This is a watermark");
    viewer.View(options);
}
```

[Home](https://www.groupdocs.com/) | [Product Page](https://products.groupdocs.com/viewer/net) | [Documentation](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/) | [Demo](https://products.groupdocs.app/viewer/family) | [API Reference](https://apireference.groupdocs.com/net/viewer) | [Examples](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET) | [Blog](https://blog.groupdocs.com/category/viewer/) | [Free Support](https://forum.groupdocs.com/c/viewer) | [Temporary License](https://purchase.groupdocs.com/temporary-license)
