Demos/ASP.NET Core/README.md, before:

# GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET ASP.NET Core Example

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET-MVC.svg)](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/blob/master/Demos/ASP.NET%20Core/LICENSE)

## Requirements

- [.NET Core 3.1 or later](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)

## Supported file-formats

GroupDocs.Viewer supports over [170 file-formats](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/supported-document-formats/) including DOCX, PPTX, and XLSX.

## Demo Video

<p align="center">
  <a title="Document viewer for JAVA " href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnZaMNUC6o0"> 
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/groupdocs-viewer/groupdocs-viewer.github.io/master/resources/image/document-viewer-demo.gif" width="100%" style="width:100%;">
  </a>
</p>

## Features

- Clean, modern and intuitive design
- Easily switchable colour theme (create your own colour theme in 5 minutes)
- Responsive design
- Mobile support (open application on any mobile device)
- Support over 170 document and image formats including **DOCX**, **PPTX**, and **XLSX**
- HTML and image modes
- Fully customizable navigation panel
- Open password protected documents
- Text searching & highlighting
- Download documents
- Upload documents
- Print document
- Rotate pages
- Zoom in/out documents without quality loss in HTML mode
- Thumbnails
- Smooth page navigation
- Smooth document scrolling
- Preload pages for faster document rendering
- Multi-language support for displaying errors
- Display two or more pages side by side (when zooming out)
- Cross-browser support (Safari, Chrome, Opera, Firefox)
- Cross-platform support (Windows, Linux, MacOS)

## How to run

Download [source code](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/archive/master.zip) from github or clone this repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET
```

Navigate to `Demos/ASP.NET Core/src/` folder and run the application by calling

```bash
dotnet run
```

Open `http://localhost:8080/viewer` in your favorite browser.

## License

The MIT License (MIT).

Please have a look at the LICENSE.md for more details

## GroupDocs Document Viewer on other platforms

- [JAVA DropWizard Document Viewer](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-Java/tree/master/Demos/Dropwizard)
- [JAVA Spring Document viewer](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-Java/tree/master/Demos/Spring)

[Home](https://www.groupdocs.com/) | [Product Page](https://products.groupdocs.com/viewer/net) | [Documentation](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/) | [Demo](https://products.groupdocs.app/viewer/total) | [API Reference](https://apireference.groupdocs.com/net/viewer) | [Examples](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET) | [Blog](https://blog.groupdocs.com/category/viewer/) | [Free Support](https://forum.groupdocs.com/c/viewer) | [Temporary License](https://purchase.groupdocs.com/temporary-license)

Commit message:

How to run in Docker container

Demos/ASP.NET Core/README.md, after:

# GroupDocs.Viewer for .NET ASP.NET Core Example

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET-MVC.svg)](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/blob/master/Demos/ASP.NET%20Core/LICENSE)

## Requirements

- [.NET Core 3.1 or later](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)

## Supported file-formats

GroupDocs.Viewer supports over [170 file-formats](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/supported-document-formats/) including DOCX, PPTX, and XLSX.

## Demo Video

<p align="center">
  <a title="Document viewer for JAVA " href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnZaMNUC6o0"> 
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/groupdocs-viewer/groupdocs-viewer.github.io/master/resources/image/document-viewer-demo.gif" width="100%" style="width:100%;">
  </a>
</p>

## Features

- Clean, modern and intuitive design
- Easily switchable colour theme (create your own colour theme in 5 minutes)
- Responsive design
- Mobile support (open application on any mobile device)
- Support over 170 document and image formats including **DOCX**, **PPTX**, and **XLSX**
- HTML and image modes
- Fully customizable navigation panel
- Open password protected documents
- Text searching & highlighting
- Download documents
- Upload documents
- Print document
- Rotate pages
- Zoom in/out documents without quality loss in HTML mode
- Thumbnails
- Smooth page navigation
- Smooth document scrolling
- Preload pages for faster document rendering
- Multi-language support for displaying errors
- Display two or more pages side by side (when zooming out)
- Cross-browser support (Safari, Chrome, Opera, Firefox)
- Cross-platform support (Windows, Linux, MacOS)

## How to run

Download [source code](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET/archive/master.zip) from github or clone this repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET
```

Navigate to `Demos/ASP.NET Core/src/` folder and run the application by calling

```bash
dotnet run
```

Or to run this demo in Docker container execute the following commands

```bash
docker build -t groupdocs-viewer:aspnetcore-demo .
docker run -d -p 8080:80 --name viewer-demo groupdocs-viewer:aspnetcore-demo
```

Open the app by navigating to <http://localhost:8080/viewer> in your favorite browser.

## License

The MIT License (MIT).

Please have a look at the LICENSE.md for more details

## GroupDocs Document Viewer on other platforms

- [JAVA DropWizard Document Viewer](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-Java/tree/master/Demos/Dropwizard)
- [JAVA Spring Document viewer](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-Java/tree/master/Demos/Spring)

[Home](https://www.groupdocs.com/) | [Product Page](https://products.groupdocs.com/viewer/net) | [Documentation](https://docs.groupdocs.com/viewer/net/) | [Demo](https://products.groupdocs.app/viewer/total) | [API Reference](https://apireference.groupdocs.com/net/viewer) | [Examples](https://github.com/groupdocs-viewer/GroupDocs.Viewer-for-.NET) | [Blog](https://blog.groupdocs.com/category/viewer/) | [Free Support](https://forum.groupdocs.com/c/viewer) | [Temporary License](https://purchase.groupdocs.com/temporary-license)
